docs: add docs for pinning package versions with import_module() (#1263)
kurtosis-tech/kurtosis: docs/docs/faq.md

def getConfig()...
```

> Then you can technically add services from `service.star` in parallel into your package with:

Author: ```suggestion
Then you can technically add services from `serviceA.star` in parallel into your package with:
```

Does Kurtosis expose ports to the public internet?
--------------------------------------------------
Kurtosis does not allow you to expose any ports in your enclave to the internet. Service ports in enclaves are automatically mapped to ports on your local machine.

> How do I pin a specific version of an upstream/dependent package that I want to import into my own package?

Author: ```suggestion
How do I pin a specific version of package that my package depends on?
```

> -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Author: ```suggestion
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

> To pin the specific version of a dependent package, simply do:

Author: ```suggestion
To pin the specific version of a package dependency (i.e. a package that your package depends on), simply do:
```

> ```py

Author: ```suggestion
```python
```

Does Kurtosis expose ports to the public internet?
--------------------------------------------------
Kurtosis does not allow you to expose any ports in your enclave to the internet. Service ports in enclaves are automatically mapped to ports on your local machine.

> How do I pin a specific version of an upstream/dependent package that I want to import into my own package?

Reviewer: s/dependent/dependency/

Dependency = I depend on it
Dependent = it depends on me

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> To pin the specific version of a dependent package, simply do:

Reviewer: same here

> ```py

Reviewer: heads-up, `py` doesn't always pick up well with Markdown formatters. if you make it `python` it works though

# Import remote code from another package using an absolute import for a specific version of 1.0
database = import_module("github.com/foo/bar/src/postgres.star@1.0")

# Import local code from the same package using a relative import for a specific package version of 2.0

> nginx = import_module("/nginx.star@2.0")

Reviewer: As discussed, we'd never do a versioned local/relative import
